Creating the "choose your own example(s)" episode (#102)
carpentries-incubator/docker-introduction: _extras/e02-jekyll-lesson-example.md

---
title: "Using Docker with Jekyll - Containers Used in Generating this Lesson"
layout: episode
teaching: 20
exercises: 0
questions:
- "What is an example of how I might use Docker instead of installing software?"
- "How can containers be useful to me for building websites?"
objectives:

> - "Use an existing container image and Docker in place of a complicated install."

Reviewer: Very minor suggestion: the original context is likely sufficiently clear.
```suggestion
- "Use an existing container image and Docker in place of complicated software installation work."
```

Author: How do you feel about this version?
```suggestion
- "Use an existing container image and Docker in place of a complicated software installation."
```

- "Demonstrate how to construct a website using containers to transform a specification into a fully-presented website."
keypoints:
- "You can use existing container images and Docker instead of installing additional software."
- "The generation of this lesson website can be effected using a container."
---

As previously mentioned earlier in the lesson, Docker can be helpful for
using software that can be difficult to install.  An example is the software
that generates this lesson website.  The website for this lesson is generated mechanically,
based on a set of files that specify the configuration of the site, its presentation template,
and the content to go on this page.  When working on updates to this lesson,
you might want to preview those changes using a local copy of the website.
This requires installing Jekyll and depdencies such as Ruby and Gemfiles to your local computer

> which can be difficult. Instead you could use Docker and a pre-built Jekyll container 

Reviewer: Feel free to throw away, but just thinking of an example of why it might be difficult.
```suggestion
which can be difficult to achieve given complexities such as needing to match specific versions of the software components. Instead you could use Docker and a pre-built Jekyll container 
```

image.

First we need to get a copy of the website to work with on your computer.

> In your shell window, in your `docker-intro` create a new directory `build-website` and `cd` into it. We will later be expanding a ZIP file into this directory later. 

Reviewer: Grammatical tweak:
```suggestion
In your shell window, in your `docker-intro` create a new directory `build-website` and `cd` into it. We will be expanding a ZIP file into this directory later. 
```
